Improve readme (#1114)
eclipse-thingweb/node-wot: CONTRIBUTING.md

For more information, please see the Eclipse Committer Handbook:
https://www.eclipse.org/projects/handbook/#resources-commit

## Clone and build

Clone the repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/eclipse-thingweb/node-wot
```

Go into the repository:

```
cd node-wot
```

Install root dependencies (locally installs tools such as [typescript](https://www.npmjs.com/package/typescript)):

```
npm ci
```

Use `tsc` to transcompile TS code to JS in the `dist` directory for each package:
_Note: This step automatically calls `npm run bootstrap`._

```
npm run build
```

#### Optional steps

###### Link Packages

Make all packages available on your local machine (as symlinks). You can then use each package in its local version via `npm link <module>` instead of `npm install <module>` (see also https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link). This is also useful if you want to test the CLI with a local script.

```
sudo npm run link
```

(On Windows omit `sudo`)

##### Link Local wot-typescript-definitions

> To involve the Scripting API in development, you need to use a locally changed version of the [wot-typescript-definitions](https://www.npmjs.com/package/wot-typescript-definitions).

Reviewer: I am not sure what "locally changed version" means?

Author: I think it refers to the use case of you developing a new version of `wot-typescript-definitions` and what to test them with node-wot. I just copied this section over, but we could say:
```suggestion
When experimenting with new APIs, developers might need to change the [wot-typescript-definitions](https://www.npmjs.com/package/wot-typescript-definitions). If you want to use your own version of wot-types-defitions you can link your local copy using the following steps.
```
